docs: Add quickstart variant for Docker (#269)
apollographql/apollo-mcp-server: docs/source/quickstart.mdx

## Step 2: Run the MCP Server

> There are two methods of running the MCP Server, Rover or Docker. Depending on which you prefer, follow those steps.

Author: I like it. Thanks for the drafted language.

    See the [command reference](/apollo-mcp-server/command-reference#config-options) for a list of available configuration options. 

### Docker deployment

> 1. Modify the configuration YAML for the example code to the following:

Reviewer: Can we also add what exactly has changed here from the original file?

>     ```yaml graphql/TheSpaceDevs/config.yaml {7, 10}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```yaml title="graphql/TheSpaceDevs/config.yaml" {7, 10}
```
I think this is the proper syntax

    endpoint: https://thespacedevs-production.up.railway.app/
    transport:
      type: streamable_http
    operations:
      source: local
      paths:
        - /data/operations
    schema:
      source: local
      path: /data/api.graphql
    overrides:
      mutation_mode: all
    introspection:
      execute:
        enabled: true
      introspect:
        enabled: true
      search:
        enabled: true
    ```

> Then, from the root directory of your local repo, run this Docker command to start a local graph with an MCP Server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In a new terminal, from the root directory of your local repo, run this Docker command to start a local graph with the MCP Server:
```
Continue with the steps, adding clarification

Author: This will probably cause trouble further down the article and I didn't know the best way to deal with it, since there's only one step for running with Rover, but two steps for Docker. What would you recommend for differentiating? Maybe we add another heading for checking the MCP server using MCP Inspector?

Reviewer: As we discussed last week, let's add a new step to handle the MCP Inspector step!

    ```sh showLineNumbers=false
    docker run \
      -it --rm \
      --name apollo-mcp-server \
      -p 5000:5000 \
      -v $PWD/graphql/TheSpaceDevs/config.yaml:/config.yaml \

>       -v $PWD/graphql/TheSpaceDevs:/data \

Reviewer: Is `$PWD` an environment variable we set up somewhere? What are the `:` for?

      ghcr.io/apollographql/apollo-mcp-server:latest /config.yaml
    ```

    This command:
    - Starts an MCP Server in a Docker container
    - Maps configuration files into the proper place for the Apollo MCP Server container

>     - Forwards port 5000 for accessing the MCP Server

Reviewer: Does the graph also run with this command?

Reviewer: Then we should update the previous step since it currently says "run this Docker command to start a local graph with an MCP Server:"

Author: Great catch. I completely missed it since that was what I was trying to do when I first wrote the step for the command, but then realized the command I was trying wasn't as demonstrative of what the Docker container for the MCP server could do and then didn't reread the English after my docker command worked. 😖

Anyway, I think it's all good now.

    See the [command reference](/apollo-mcp-server/command-reference#config-options) for a list of available configuration options. 

### Run with Docker

> 1. Modify the MCP server configuration in `graphql/TheSpaceDevs/config.yaml` to the following so it points to the `/data` path you'll map things to as expected by the Dockerfile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Modify the MCP server configuration in `graphql/TheSpaceDevs/config.yaml`. Update the paths to point to the `/data` directory, as the Docker container expects:
```
